this disturbance is acting like a beacon
for the warp storm accelerating its
arrival we have little time left we must
assume Sindri has released a demon then
our course is clear we must destroy it
however meager our armaments are today
the demon will not find our hearts
lacking I know I believe you captain
here what is this a demon hammer God
splitter
we have always intended to destroy the
demon within the stone would we not
appear the fools without the means to
dispense our wheels you you entrust this
artifact to me I can think of no better
champion to wield gods splitter against
the demon and you can call it a
premonition but I believe you will end
this fight not I you are thinking of the
traitor is it over I render judgment on
more people than you can imagine captain
trust me you are not responsible for the
failings or strengths of others it is
not a lot to test their purity we merely
dispense the Emperor's justice when they
fail the elder
if they are this desperate to waste
their already weak of forces that
matters are truly dire prepare yourself
you are about to enter a battlefield
unlike any other most more damn you it
is upon us
witness
god